Sheldon Nigel's update june twenty third
2015 Sheldon salamat gel way be an
everlasting joy we are here to report on
the status of the initial transferences
of funds to North America at present we
are preparing to complete the process
which is to permit your blessings to
become available to you all we have been
forced to make some additional
corrections to what we thought was to be
the final directives needed to finish
this particular task our partners in
this project report that a number of
final tweaks are still required thus we
are now in the process of jointly doing
what is necessary to assure our success
this entire process is at most extremely
stressful to our earthly allies the dark
cabal continues to use its remaining
positions of power as a way constantly
to thwart them from achieving even a
modicum of victory it is reaching a
point where we need to do what is
essential for our allies to get the
triumph they richly deserve meanwhile
the dark cabal is continuing to face
defeat on every other issue it is
becoming quite clear that our
intervention is now required heaven is
decreeing in our favour and we expect
every issue to be resolved shortly the
dark cabal is after all those who gladly
carried out the dark wishes of the
Annunaki for nearly 13 millennia these
ropes have a deep inner feeling that
even without their former Lords they are
still invincible somehow they believe
that a means can be found to delay the
inevitable we have over the years
tolerated their miscreant behavior since
neither heaven nor our allies wished to
reject them from power we are greatly
disgusted by their adverse behavior it
is essential that these dark Rascals be
swiftly isolated and given a fate which
keeps them from your door this need to
get them out of the way is something
that now needs to be done in a very
drastic way we are planning a surprise
which can easily achieve this prime
purpose
until then expect no success and ready
yourselves for some immediate
disappointments however this process is
not to be a long one we intend to be
able to hoist these vile rapscallions by
their own petard so do not fear the end
to this long wait is really quite near
as you prepare to finally be given your
blessings be able to see how these many
funds can be used by you to carry out
your humanitarian visions these monies
are to be used to bring peace harmony
and abundance to your societies there is
as well the need to use these funds to
heal inform and prepare your fellows for
a new time in this realm you are being
asked to teach your societies about the
great many changes that are to occur
once the manipulative propaganda of the
dark cabal is out of the way you need to
explain the numerous changes that are to
be the mainstay of your new governance
and why it was implemented there is a
great need to provide answers to the way
all of this is to be introduced to you
at present you lack a basic
understanding of why you are in limited
consciousness and how this transition to
full consciousness is to work much is to
be provided by your mentors nevertheless
you need specially trained others to
explain this knowledge further and ready
you for how this reality operates as you
can see the delays have kept you from
numerous truths and realities we are
counting on many of you to provide a
vehicle which permits anyone to look
really deeply into any subject matter
and can easily clarify what anyone
mentor is doing to prepare you for the
transition to this new reality of
magnificent beauty you need to have much
easily explained to you you require
devices which can easily exhibit the
power to heal anyone it is vital as well
that you see in some fashion how you can
use and overcome present health
difficulties these changes are only
examples of how to overcome those
problems put forth long ago by the
Atlantean scientists what is truly vital
is to look deeply into why you were so
afflicted and how these new devices can
alter you and provide a gateway to even
more amazing results
think in terms of what this means and do
not be enamored by what they do you are
to be given a quick evolve Minh to your
full potential this is a gift which you
are expected to take on new
responsibilities namaste we are your
ascended masters what is blessedly
happening in this reality is a final
struggle between the light and the dark
this conflict has been going on for a
very long time we are using our focus
and vision to resolve the current phase
of this unholy battle the dark has long
held an advantage at present this is
coming apart and the scraps from this
conflict are only temporarily delaying
what is to happen this next period of
time promises to be when the dark
strengths can be ruptured the result of
these actions is to produce a means to
successfully distribute the blessings
that we have long promised our vision is
for this moment to start a series of
operations to begin a great alteration
in your reality then the light can start
in earnest to implement a vast series of
programs which are finally to change
your realm forever these are to set the
stage for our lessons in the formal
arrival of your spiritual and space
families Hosanna we look forward in glee
to what can then be possible the past
twenty six thousand years roughly a
great galactic year set the stage for
what has happened to Gaia and her people
migrations to n from Gaia framed the
very nature of what occurred this time
has passed a new time is set this time
is not about a Paradise Lost and Found
it is about a great reunion and a time
to move outward to carry out a most
grand set of heavenly directives for
this sector of physicality as you move
back into the divine state of galactic
humanists be ever mindful of the
magnificent responsibilities that you
are to gladly embrace creation is a
sacred set of divine thoughts you unfold
these you have innumerable companions to
assist in this most incredible mission
each of them is dedicated to completing
what their part is what you are required
to do is to approach them and work out a
mutually acceptable solution
as you can see a most remarkable time
lies ahead of you our supreme task is to
guide you successfully through all the
difficulties resulting from your actions
the next times are therefore to
introduce you to those who are your
ancestors and those who have agreed to
help this process is one which is most
complex long ago in Atlantis you began a
quest that has taken you nearly 13
millennia to complete in the beginning
we were important yet still somewhat few
in number and seemingly quite marginal
to this vast project yet as time moved
forward we became more in numbers and
quite essential to the outcome we are
therefore fairly understanding of what
needs to be done next in this mode we
began about eight centuries ago to forge
a way to allow us to guide you to the
path most favored by heaven you are now
at the very edge of what heaven has
fashioned the rest is to be your joyous
destiny today as usual we have given you
an overview of what is about to occur
take this data and know deep in your
heart that a most marvelous and joyous
event is ready to happen with this we
leave you now be happy and know dear
ones that the countless supply and
never-ending prosperity of heaven are
indeed yours so be it salamat kajen
salamat ja syrian for b 1 and b enjoy